========================================================================

WHAT IS AVLTREE?

AVLTree is a small implimentation of AVL trees for the C programming
language.  It is distributed under the Library Gnu Public License (see
the file LICENSE for details).

This library does the basic stuff.  It allows for inserts, searches, and
deletes in O(log n) time.  It also provides an interface to iterate
through your entire AVL tree, in order by key, in O(n) time (the calls
that allow the iterating take constant amortized time).

If you find any bugs, or if you have any comments or suggestions, send
them to <cosine@cosine.org>.  Or you can send me mail via the USPS to:

Michael H. Buselli
30051 N. Waukegan Rd. Apt. 103
Lake Bluff, IL  60044-5412

But before sending in a bug report, please check the AVLTree website
http://www.cosine.com/project/AVLTree/ to make sure that you have the
most recent version of AVLTree.  I won't be too pleased to get a bug
report on a version that is over a month obsolete, especially if I've
already fixed the bug in a released version.

========================================================================

COMPILING AND INSTALLING

You're on your own for this version here.  I compiled the libraries into
object files like this:

gcc -Wall -ggdb -c iAVLTree.c
gcc -Wall -ggdb -c zAVLTree.c

You can do the same, however if you know what the flags mean you are
most welcome to change things around to suit your use.  There ought to
be a nice Makefile to automatically build these as static or dynamic
libraries in the future.

========================================================================

USING THE LIBRARIES

There are no real usage documents yet.  Look at iAVLTree.h and
zAVLTree.h (you need to include these headers in your programs to use
the library) to see what functions and structures are available.  Then
look at the comments in iAVLTree.c and zAVLTree.c to get better
descriptions of how the functions declared in the header files work, and
how error conditions are passed back to you.

If anyone wants to write good documentation for me, I'd most appriciate
it.  It shouldn't take too long, but I just haven't gotten around to it.
When I do, I will produce text and html versions.

========================================================================

PLATFORMS TESTED ON

Platform:                     Comments:
Linux 2.0.x/glibc 2/gcc       Compiles with no warnings or errors.

========================================================================

HISTORY

Version 0.1.0 (alpha):
     This is the initial alpha version of AVLTree.  It's already fully
functional for many applications, including the one that I developed it
for.  I've only tested it on my Linux 2.0.35/glibc2 system, so I have no
idea what it will do anywhere else so far.  Let me know if you have good
results or bad if you try a platform that I don't mention above.
     This version is considered alpha because it does not yet contain
all of the features that I plan for version 1.0.0.  It should not
contain any bugs as it is.

Version 0.1.1 (alpha):
     Updated contact information.  Added avltest.c for testing and
demonstrating functions and usage.  Added a dumb Makefile.

========================================================================
